we'll just get there
ten days people a roman curia spirit
deep blue sea have you met my cousin
Nica
this is Brucie we met online oh love
me--don't net ha in a dark corner doing
dark deeds we're both players my friend
players VIP for real classy but also
sexy hmm that's how I like my women I
work at it so they should do right yeah
what is he talking about
Lucy's a dreamer he understands my
vision oh so he's an idiot
hey screw you listen man you should try
going online
uh huh I know how to go on the line I
just haven't done it here
of course technophobe Luddite we gotta
get you online it's a world of
opportunities such as all kinds of
things yesterday
I was online and I discovered a blog
about women who don't like to shave
that's pretty important listen I
promised brucey I'd go out with him can
you go out and get it sorted okay go to
twat you register on one of the pcs
there a pretty girl is expecting you and
both of not being able to email your
cousin and the family keep sending me
news for you Brucie yeah stop exercising
okay let's put some bitches to the soy
VIP stock oh he's a cool guy
Rose no Tomoko the dog in pleco internet
mistress doesn't loot
watch we're going dumbass are you hey
there my name is nico my cousin they
told me to come here no man he called me
about you he's so funny I set you up on
that computer already it's easy just
follow the instructions on there okay I
see you again Wilma